Implement MHC binding subworkflow (#260)
nf-core/epitopeprediction: README.md

Supported prediction tools:

> - `syfpeithi`

Author: I did a survery (with barely people voting) via nf-core slack: https://nfcore.slack.com/archives/CED0U30KD/p1734439038983979
Tübingen Immunology doesn't use it anymore. I checked publications around syfpeithi and 95% use netmhcpan, and the rest some newer predictors such as MixMHCpred, HLApollo, HLAthena.

> - `syfpeithi`

Reviewer: Yes, I saw that survey. To me it was not clear that this was about removing predictors from the pipeline. In general, if it does not cause additional maintenance tasks I would be in favor of keeping functionality. My feeling would be that this is not the case of Syfpeithi. Do you see that differently? 

But we can also still add it later again.

> - `syfpeithi`

Author: 🤔  I would be in favor of not including it for now (at least) since it does create more friction and maintainance with respect to taking account for supported allele-length combinations. Also, I recognized that it is not intuitive for users that certain peptide lengths are supported for one allele but not the other.

I would also suggest that we could still add it again if users are still requesting/using it.

The pipeline was converted to Nextflow DSL2 by [Christopher Mohr](https://github.com/christopher-mohr), [Marissa Dubbelaar](https://github.com/marissaDubbelaar) from [Clinical Collaboration Unit Translational Immunology](https://www.medizin.uni-tuebingen.de/en-de/das-klinikum/einrichtungen/kliniken/medizinische-klinik/kke-translationale-immunologie) and [Quantitative Biology Center](https://uni-tuebingen.de/forschung/forschungsinfrastruktur/zentrum-fuer-quantitative-biologie-qbic/), [Gisela Gabernet](https://github.com/ggabernet) from [Quantitative Biology Center](https://uni-tuebingen.de/forschung/forschungsinfrastruktur/zentrum-fuer-quantitative-biologie-qbic/), and [Jonas Scheid](https://github.com/jonasscheid) from [Quantitative Biology Center](https://uni-tuebingen.de/forschung/forschungsinfrastruktur/zentrum-fuer-quantitative-biologie-qbic/).

> The pipeline was majorly modernized and modularized by [Jonas Scheid](https://github.com/jonasscheid).

Reviewer: I am not sure if a evaluative statement is necessary here. ;) Anyway, if added, I would add all contributors, also Alina?

Reviewer 2: Just a small note here, is it still the idea to include which institute people are from? Otherwise it might be good to update this 🤔

Author: I updated it again, I hope its fine for everyone. Afaik people mention the affiliation at that time. If you want to go for your current affiliation, I don't mind :) There is also a `contributor` field in the nextflow.config, which we could use

Reviewer 2: This was not there when we put it there before, but since you are refactoring a major part, it might be nice to put this in the contributor field of the config (to stay in line with the newest guidelines).

Author: Sure can put it into contributors. Do you want me to remove the whole paragraph then?

Reviewer: I would vote for leaving it like you have it now and possibly deleting the affiliations from. Then we would only have to update them in one place (`nextflow.config`).

Author: Ok, sounds good

> The pipeline was majorly modernized and modularized by [Jonas Scheid](https://github.com/jonasscheid).

Author: ```suggestion
The pipeline was majorly refactored and modularized by [Jonas Scheid](https://github.com/jonasscheid).
```

> The pipeline was majorly modernized and modularized by [Jonas Scheid](https://github.com/jonasscheid).

Author: ```suggestion
The pipeline was majorly refactored and modularized by [Jonas Scheid](https://github.com/jonasscheid) and Alina Bauer (https://github.com/alina-bauer).
```
